feat(kcollapse): add new kongponent [khcp-4890] (#825)
Kong/kongponents: docs/components/collapse.md

# Collapse

**KCollapse** - A collapsible section.

<KCollapse>
  Can you see me now?
</KCollapse>

```html
<KCollapse>
  Can you see me now?
</KCollapse>

> ```

Author: Done

## Props

### title

Use this prop to apply a title to the collapsible section.

<KCollapse title="Look Mah!">
  Can you see me now?
</KCollapse>

```html
<KCollapse title="Look Mah!">
  Can you see me now?
</KCollapse>
```

> ### triggerLabel

Author: Done, default icon is always blue, and added `--KCollapseTriggerColor` themable

Use this prop to customize the content to trigger the collapse. The label will be displayed to the right of a caret that indicates the collapsedness.
If no label is provided, only a caret will be displayed.

<KCollapse trigger-label="View more info">
  Can you see me now?
</KCollapse>

```html
<KCollapse trigger-label="View more info">
  Can you see me now?
</KCollapse>
```

### triggerAlignment

You can customize the alignment of the trigger. `leading` or `trailing` (default) alignment is supported.
If a `title` is specified, the trigger will be inline with `trailing` alignment, or displayed beneath the `title` with `leading` alignment.

<KCollapse trigger-label="View more info" trigger-alignment="leading">
  Can you see me now?
</KCollapse>

<br />

<KCollapse title="Look Mah!" trigger-label="What?" trigger-alignment="leading">
  Can you see me now?
</KCollapse>

```html
<KCollapse trigger-label="View more info" trigger-alignment="leading">
  Can you see me now?
</KCollapse>

<br />

<KCollapse title="Look Mah!" trigger-label="What?" trigger-alignment="leading">
  Can you see me now?
</KCollapse>
```

### v-model

> KCollapse can be controlled with `v-model`.

Author: I've left aligned the button, but I think your second bullet is referring to using the `trigger-content` slot so I updated that example instead.

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/67973710/195624492-6ffcc563-b5dd-481e-a8b5-a7ea8282ce9e.png)

> KCollapse can be controlled with `v-model`.

Reviewer: ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2229946/195734430-8b377755-4dd5-4cc1-8c83-509d31a88b3e.png)
All of the blue text being a trigger here seems very unintuitive to me; it almost feels broken.

I can't click on the title, but I can click on the paragraph text (but there's no longer an icon), or separately the "Toggle 🐶" button.

<div class="d-flex mb-3">
  <KLabel>Is Collapsed:</KLabel> {{ myIsCollapsed }}
  <KButton class="ml-auto" @click="myIsCollapsed = !myIsCollapsed">Another trigger</KButton>
</div>
<div>
  <KCollapse v-model="myIsCollapsed">
    Can you see me now?
  </KCollapse>
</div>

```html
<div class="d-flex mb-3">

>   <KLabel>Is Collapsed:</KLabel> {{ myIsCollapsed }}

Author: Fixed

  <KButton class="ml-auto" @click="myIsCollapsed = !myIsCollapsed">Another trigger</KButton>
</div>
<div>
  <KCollapse v-model="myIsCollapsed">
    Can you see me now?
  </KCollapse>
</div>
```

### modelValue

To set the default collapse state without binding to v-model you can use `modelValue`.

<KCollapse :model-value="false">
  I am expanded by default
</KCollapse>

```html
<KCollapse :model-value="false">
  I am expanded by default
</KCollapse>
```

## Slots

- `default` - Content to be hidden or shown when clicking the trigger
- `visible-content` - Content displayed above the collapsible content that is always visible
- `trigger-content` - Contents of the trigger

> - `trigger` - Completely control the trigger, including managing click events

Reviewer: Need more explanation on trigger vs. trigger-content

Author: How is this?

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/67973710/195620675-8590fd9a-6f0a-40f2-b5bb-54c530b99518.png)

</KCollapse>
```

## Props

### title

Use this prop to apply a title to the collapsible section.

<KCollapse title="Look Mah!" trigger-label="View more info">
  Can you see me now?
</KCollapse>

```html
<KCollapse title="Look Mah!" trigger-label="View more info">
  Can you see me now?
</KCollapse>
```

### triggerAlignment

You can customize the alignment of the trigger. `leading` or `trailing` (default) alignment is supported.
If a `title` is specified, the trigger will be inline with `trailing` alignment, or displayed beneath the `title` with `leading` alignment.

<KCollapse title="Look Mah!" trigger-label="What?" trigger-alignment="leading">
  Can you see me now?
</KCollapse>

```html
<KCollapse title="Look Mah!" trigger-label="What?" trigger-alignment="leading">
  Can you see me now?
</KCollapse>
```

### triggerLabel

Use this prop to customize the content to that will toggle the collapsed state of the component. The label will be displayed to the right of a caret that indicates the state of the hidden content.

> If no label is provided, only a caret will be displayed.

Reviewer: nit: new line for new paragraph

```suggestion

If no label is provided, only a caret will be displayed.
```

<KCollapse trigger-alignment="leading">
  Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat. Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur
</KCollapse>

```html
<KCollapse trigger-alignment="leading">
  Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat. Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur
</KCollapse>

> ```

Reviewer: I don't think this is the right example for this prop? It doesn't even have the `triggerLabel` prop..?

Author: Fixed

![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/67973710/195871741-279a822c-dd96-41eb-8994-9c4194583686.png)

  </div>
  <KButton @click="myIsCollapsed = !myIsCollapsed">Another trigger</KButton>
</div>
<div>
  <KCollapse trigger-label="View more info" v-model="myIsCollapsed">
    Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat. Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur
  </KCollapse>
</div>

```html
<div class="mb-3">
  <div>
    <KLabel>Is Collapsed:&nbsp;</KLabel>
    {{ myIsCollapsed }}
  </div>
  <KButton @click="myIsCollapsed = !myIsCollapsed">Another trigger</KButton>
</div>
<div>
  <KCollapse trigger-label="View more info" v-model="myIsCollapsed">
    Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit, sed do eiusmod tempor incididunt ut labore et dolore magna aliqua. Ut enim ad minim veniam, quis nostrud exercitation ullamco laboris nisi ut aliquip ex ea commodo consequat. Duis aute irure dolor in reprehenderit in voluptate velit esse cillum dolore eu fugiat nulla pariatur
  </KCollapse>
</div>
```

### modelValue

> To set the default collapse state without binding to v-model you can use `modelValue`.

Reviewer: nit: wording

```suggestion
To set the default state (collapsed or expanded) without binding to v-model you can use the `modelValue` prop.
```

<KCollapse title="Look Mah!" :model-value="false">
  I am expanded by default
</KCollapse>

```html
<KCollapse title="Look Mah!" :model-value="false">
  I am expanded by default
</KCollapse>
```

## Slots

- `default` - Content to be hidden or shown when clicking the trigger
- `visible-content` - Content displayed above the collapsible content that is always visible

> - `trigger-content` - Contents of the trigger; click handling is built-in

Reviewer: nit: wording

```suggestion
- `trigger-content` - Contents of the trigger link anchor; click handling is built-in
```

> - `trigger` - Completely control the trigger, including managing click events

Reviewer: For `trigger` I think we need to document the `{ isCollapsed, toggle }` things that are available.

Author: ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/67973710/195871876-1a8e0118-feb5-4545-9c73-7cd0572b8857.png)
 Updated

::: tip Note

>   The `trigger-content` slot is contained within the `trigger` slot, so if slotting the `trigger` the `trigger-content` slot will be unavailable.

Reviewer: nit: wording

```suggestion
  You may utilize the `trigger-content` slot (to control the anchor text) or the `trigger` slot (to control the content of the entire trigger), but not both; if utilizing the `trigger` slot the `trigger-content` slot will not render.
```

:::

<KCollapse title="Look Mah!" trigger-alignment="leading">
  <template #trigger-content>
    <div class="mb-2">
      You can put whatever kind of content you like in this slot and click any of it to toggle the collapsed content.
      <br />
      Click ME instead of the button!
    </div>
    <KButton>
      Toggle 🐶
    </KButton>
  </template>
  <template #visible-content>
    <KCard body="I am content that is always visible" />
  </template>

  <KCard body="Woof! I am only visible when expanded" />
</KCollapse>

```html
<KCollapse title="Look Mah!" trigger-alignment="leading">
  <template #trigger-content>
    <div class="mb-2">
      You can put whatever kind of content you like in this slot and click any of it to toggle the collapsed content.
      <br />
      Click ME instead of the button!
    </div>
    <KButton>
      Toggle 🐶
    </KButton>
  </template>
  <template #visible-content>
    <KCard body="I am content that is always visible" />
  </template>

  <KCard body="Woof! I am only visible when expanded" />
</KCollapse>
```

If you want complete control of the trigger content and events, you can use the `trigger` slot.

> We provide the `isCollapsed` prop and the `toggle()` function as slot properties.

Reviewer: nit: wording
```suggestion
We provide the `isCollapsed` Vue 'ref' and the `toggle()` function as slot props.
```
